xTuple End-User License Agreement (EULA)

The full text of the xTuple License, which governs the use of the commercial
xTuple software by an end-user (typically a manufacturing or distribution
company), is found below. xTuple's partner programs, covered under a separate
agreement, offer generous incentives for value-added resellers, consultants,
systems integrators, and other technology solution providers to resell and
modify xTuple products.

This license is between you and xTuple and applies to the Software (as defined
below). This license explains your rights to use and modify the Software. By
signing — either electronically or manually — you accept this license and agree
to comply with its terms and conditions.

1. Definitions. The following definitions apply to this license:

1.1. “Contribution” means any work derived from the Software by a Contributor,
including, without limitation, any modification, addition, or deletion made to
the Software by xTuple, another Contributor, or you.

1.2. “Contributor” means any party that develops a Contribution to the Software
and includes, but is not limited to, xTuple and you.

1.3. “xTuple” means OpenMFG, LLC, d/b/a “xTuple,” a Virginia limited liability
company and owner of the Software.

1.4. “Software” means the xTuple ERP Suite, the xTupleCommerce website, and/or
xTuple Packages which are loaded into the xTuple ERP Suite, including all
accompanying tools and documentation, and any Contributions added to the xTuple
Software, tools, or documentation.


2. Rights Granted. xTuple licenses you to do the following with the Software:

2.1. Copy, install, and modify the source code version of the Software;

2.2. Use the Software for your own internal business purposes as an end-user of
the Software.

This license is worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual or annual, depending on the
license fee paid, (unless terminated for breach), and non-transferable.


3. License and Maintenance Fees.

3.1. Number of Users. This license is for ______ concurrent users of the
Software, and is licensed under either an Annual License or a Perpetual License
(as defined below). If you elect to purchase additional users, convert this
license from Annual to Perpetual, or from Perpetual to Annual, at a later date,
all other terms of this license will continue to apply.

xTuple reserves the right to audit your usage of the Software, and if you exceed
this specified number of concurrent users on more than three occasions, you
agree that this license will be amended to add such additional users as xTuple
deems required by the audit. Such additional users will be added via Attachment
A to this license, and will be billed to you at xTuple’s then-current published
rates. If you determine independent of any xTuple audit that you require
additional user licenses, you may notify xTuple via electronic mail, and such
additional users will be billed to you at xTuple’s then-current published rates,
less a courtesy discount of 10%.

3.2. Annual License. In exchange for the license granted in Section 2, you agree
to pay to xTuple an initial annual license fee in the amount specified in your
xTuple invoice.

You must pay the annual license fee upon execution of this license and each
subsequent anniversary thereof (provided that you are not in breach). Software
Maintenance (as defined in section 3.5 below) is included in the Annual License.
Renewal pricing of the Annual License shall be at xTuple’s then-current
published rates (including any published discounts) unless you hold a multi-year
license agreement; xTuple will invoice you for the amount due, thirty days
before the due date. If you do not wish to renew your Annual License, you must
notify xTuple in writing at least sixty days prior to the anniversary date of
this Agreement.

3.3. Perpetual License. In exchange for the license granted in Section 2, you
agree to pay to xTuple a Perpetual License Fee, plus the first year’s Software
Maintenance Fee, in the amount specified in your xTuple invoice. You must pay
both fees upon execution of this license.

3.4. Monthly Billing Option. For either the Annual or Perpetual License, you may
optionally choose to pay to xTuple a monthly Fee in the amount specified in your
xTuple invoice. Payment for monthly billing is only by pre-authorized ACH bank
account draft; you hereby authorize xTuple to debit your account the monthly
Fee, with the first three months’ payment due on the Effective Date, and monthly
payments on the same day of the month as the Effective Date, starting three
months following the Effective Date. You acknowledge that this does not
constitute a month-to-month contract, and represents a commitment for a full
twelve months following the Effective Date, subject to all the other terms
contained in this license. In the event that your account debit is declined, a
$50 fee will be assessed, and you must provide alternate billing information
within 72 hours of being notified by xTuple, or be subject to the Termination
clause in section 11 below.

3.5. Software Maintenance. Customers who are current on their Annual License
payments or current in the first year of their Perpetual License payment as
defined above shall be entitled to receive all updates and enhancements to the
Software released by xTuple. Updates and enhancements will be provided
electronically. Software Maintenance payments are due and payable each year on
the anniversary date of the Perpetual License Fee, at xTuple’s then-current
published rates, unless you hold a multi-year maintenance agreement. If you do
not wish to renew your Software Maintenance, you must notify xTuple in writing
at least sixty days prior to the anniversary date of this Agreement. If more
than twelve months have passed since a customer’s most recent Software
Maintenance Fee payment, the customer will be deemed to be “Out of Maintenance,”
and xTuple reserves the right to treat any further updates to the Software as
entirely new license sales, subject to additional penalties and fees as
explained on the xTuple website. Installation of updates and enhancements is not
covered under this License Agreement (see section 6, below).


4. Licensee Obligations. You are required to do the following when using or
modifying the Software:

4.1. Include all original copyright and trademark notices and disclaimers;

4.2. Include the text of this license; and

4.3. Deliver to xTuple or its authorized reseller in digital or electronic
format all Contributions that you make to the Software.

Assuming you are satisfied with the Software, you agree to provide a positive
statement, including your company name, about your experience, either written or
in video format, and/or case study for xTuple marketing purposes. Once provided,
you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to use and incorporate
such statements or case studies for the purposes of marketing and promotion.


5. Prohibitions. You are not permitted to do any of the following with the
Software:

5.1. Distribute a source code version of the Software containing your
Contributions;

5.2. Distribute your Contributions to any party other than xTuple or its
authorized reseller;

5.3. Distribute or redistribute a compiled binary version of the Software in its
original or modified form;

5.4. Process or permit to be processed any other partyís data for a fee or other
consideration;

5.5. Use the Software in the operation of a service bureau;

5.6. Provide consulting services related to developing, installing,
implementing, or training for the use, modification, or distribution of the
Software to any party outside of your business for a fee;

5.7. Develop or contribute to the development of a software application that
competes with the Software.

Parties interested in reselling the Software, or providing services related to
the Software, are encouraged to contact xTuple about a reseller or consultant
arrangement, which would include a separate agreement and license.


6. No Additional Services. Under the terms of this license, xTuple is not
responsible for installing, supporting, maintaining, or updating the Software
(except in the case of Software Maintenance as defined above), for training you
to install, use, support, maintain, update, or modify the Software, or for
converting, entering, or verifying any data. xTuple and its authorized partners
provide installation, support, hosting, training, and consulting services for a
fee under separate written agreements.


7. Ownership. xTuple owns all right, title, interest, copyright, and patent
rights in and to the original and all modified versions of the Software,
including, without limitation, all Contributions made by you or any other party.
To the extent that xTuple does not own your Contributions, you hereby transfer
to xTuple all right, title, interest, copyright, and patent rights in and to
your Contributions. xTuple reserves the right to sell or license for a fee the
Software and any Contributions in connection with a license to use the Software
and the Contributions in connection with support, maintenance, or consulting
services.


8. Limitations on Liability. In no event will xTuple or any other Contributor be
liable for any damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, lost revenue
or profits or other direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
damages, even if they have been advised of the possibility of such damages,
except to the extent any applicable law prohibits this disclaimer.


9. NO WARRANTIES. The Software and this license document are provided AS IS with
NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF DESIGN,
TITLE, ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. In no event will xTuple refund the purchase of the Software.


10. Choice of Law. This license is governed by the laws of Virginia, including
the Virginia Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act. Disputes must be
settled in the state or federal courts located in Norfolk, Virginia.


11. Termination. If you breach any term or condition of this license or fail to
perform any of your obligations under this license, then this license will
automatically terminate, unless you have cured your breach or failure to
xTuple's satisfaction within 30 days after xTuple or its authorized reseller has
notified you of it. Upon termination, you must immediately stop using,
modifying, and distributing the Software, deliver to xTuple or its authorized
reseller all of your Contributions (whether or not completed), and delete all
versions of the Software and Contributions from your systems. xTuple may seek
injunctive relief and money damages against you if you breach this license or
fail to perform your obligations.

